Document downgrade plan feature (#7981)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: umbraco-cloud/build-and-customize-your-solution/set-up-your-project/project-settings/README.md

![Dedicated Resources](../../../.gitbook/assets/dedicated-resources.png)

### Change Plan

> You can change your Umbraco Cloud plan to upgrade to a higher plan or downgrade to a lower plan depending on your project needs. You can manage plan changes and dedicated resources from the **Management** menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can change your Umbraco Cloud plan by upgrading to a higher tier or downgrading to a lower tier, depending on your project needs. You can manage plan changes and dedicated resources from the **Management** menu.
```
